Updated Docs - Added Superuser & Automatic Seeding Data (#21)
Health-Informatics-UoN/carrot: website/src/pages/mapper/deployment/azure/steps.mdx

  </tbody>
</Table>

**Before restarting the application, you need decide the method of superuser credentials setup.**
<div id="superuserCredentialsAzure">
  <Callout type="warning">
    Either you use the **default superuser credentials** or **custom superuser credentials**.
  </Callout>
</div>

**If you wish to use the default superuser credentials**, you can **skip the setup for custom super user credentials** and use the **default credentials** to log in to the Django Admin Panel (see below).

- **Default superuser credentials**: By default, Carrot creates a superuser with the following credentials:
  <div>
    - Username: `admin`
    - Password: `Password123!`
  </div>

- **Custom superuser credentials**: If you wish to create a new super user with custom credentials, do the following:
  <div>

>     - Add environment variables to the Backend app:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Add three more environment variables below to the Backend app's `Environment Variables`:
```

Author: Ok. I'll change them into numbers.

      <div>
        ```yaml

>         environment:

Reviewer: I don't think you should put `environment:` here cause it may cause confusion between adding the env. vars on the Azure config. and adding the env. vars in the docker compose file

Author: Make sense. I'll remove the environment then.

          - SUPERUSER_DEFAULT_USERNAME : your_username
          - SUPERUSER_DEFAULT_EMAIL : your_email
          - SUPERUSER_DEFAULT_PASSWORD : your_password
        ```
      </div>
    - Replace `your_username`, `your_email`, and `your_password` with your desired credentials.
  </div>

**The credentials will be applied after restarting the Backend app.**

---

Now, **restart your app for the environment variables to be applied**.

After that, Carrot will seed the app's database with the OMOP table and field names. 

Some **First Instances of Carrot** also need creating after the Backend app up and running. 
<div>

>   - Doing this be access the URL: `<backend-URL>/admin/`, log in using the [superuser credentials](#superuserCredentialsAzure).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Doing this by accessing the URL: `<backend-URL>/admin/`, log in using the [superuser credentials](#superuserCredentialsAzure).
```

Author: Ok 👍🏻
